Now, so that we have created actions, performers for that name doesn't exist.
But let me explain what this is actually doing.
So suppose if your system has an internet cast, then this will try to print that text data.
And otherwise, this will catch your next section and show that it is an error that is not attached
to the system.
So try connecting a printer first and then try to put in your request text, which you have to for.
Similarly on clicking on the exit button, there is a simple function system dark exit, which takes
argument as null zero or false, whatever we call it.
So when we exit the system, Agnes with the null exception.
Similarly, for coffee and garden salad and bass, we have inbuilt functions like for cars, we have
bacteria exterior shortcut for copy.
Similarly, we have to paste this part only like four copies.
We have text area, dark copy for best.
We have text data not based.
And.
For select all we have text area, not select.
Similarly, yes, we have done this everything now commenting about what is going to be performed on
clicking the above button.
So I'm digging that out.
But then I knew about Window will open victory.
We have here in the amount of applause and the visibility of this window should be set to true, said
Visible.
Should be true.
Yes.
So here we are.
Now let's try and run this.
Not bad, Java ran Java, and they're waiting, yes, so let's dive something.
Hello, everyone.
We are here.
Cordero, so, yes.
Now let's try to click on the print button.
Perfect.
So I'm clinging, picking that plane to my window windowpanes, which asks that misprint that you want
to print it from and the format of this print.
Similarly, it has many other options, also number of copies.
So the proper printing window is set with the help of this option.
Try and catch and get action on it.
Glossy, ignored and similarly on taking the exit.
It will exit, so the window is closed now, running this again and try to test that card copy and Windows
buttons like Hello.
Now let me try to select this and go ahead.
Yes.
So it is good.
Now let us try to paste it.
Hello is besten now select on all of the text written had is selected with the help of this select copy
and then try to paste it again, again and multiple times you wish it to be printed.
So we have created action listeners for all Albertans here for the final edit and help now let us try
to add some keyboard shortcuts with these buttons so that we can perform their task with the help of
keyboard itself by typing so there will be no need to click on the button, leaving your keyboard and
coming through your mouse.
You can do everything with the help of your keyboard only.
So let's start adding the shortcuts.
Yes.
So by this, we are going to add keyboard shortcuts attached with every button in the menu bar.
So for the new file, we are going to set it as set accelerator set accelerator is used for the keyboard
shortcuts.
It has an argument as keystroke.
After which call get keystroke, get keystroke and the required characters, so key event.
He events.
And.
After giving, we have to.
Qualités dot, leaky, hey.
We get in as we want control and to be the shots go off this, so suppose we everything it does key
event, not speaking, not end, and the modifier will be as the event.
Key event control, noun mask.
Iran.
Noun mask.
Yes.
So we have successfully created a sharp cookie for the new file option.
Now let me copy this for all the parties like we have gone digital already does one two three four five
six seven eight nine 10 19, so pasting 10 more times and replacing for each button.
Again again, and I think let us try to change open file.
Save file.
Print, is it for the print button?
The short term will be different for exit button, the shot that is a different key from your keyboard
got.
Copy.
Based and select.
So ignore their typos and select all.
Select on.
I think we have one more option about.
So about will also contain eyeshot got exaggerated.
Now think about some keys from your keyboard, like for opening the file.
It could be all for saving.
It could be as controllers for printing.
It could be paying for it.
It could be the blue void exit card should be X and copy should be controllers.
C based should be B.
For selecting on Reuse A and similarly for the about option, let us suppose we are using that jacket
on our cable Soyuz.
Now let us try to run this and see if we are OK.
OK, so if we are able to earn.
No shortcuts.
Yes, both.
So we are able to add shortcuts returning key, like for new, we haven't all as be exit W..
Similarly for the Edit Options Guide.
Copy Paste.
So let's try to check this like if I am inputting hello over and trying to cut this with the help of
my keyboard print typing like it does control X.
So it should be selected and closed.
So, yes, I am able to cut it.
Now let me try to paste this with the help of my cable control be so perfect.
The short cuts are working perfectly fine.
OK, so in the window, often we can see that there is a not so good double than line.
So let's try to remove this with the help of some functions.
So search for this scroll area, which we have created.
And try to add something.
Mitch Gordon of our nation, the noble lining there.
So yes.
At this place, I am going to an uncontrolled brain.
Yes, above this line, I'm going to hate us for all pain not set by the.
Said border and the border would be like border factories, not empty border, as we do not want any
border between the title and the menubar so clear.
Empty border.
Selecting this.
Now, let us try to run this, and if we are able to learn this or not, then our.
And yes, the double border is vanished, so the application is almost ready.
One more modification.
I want to do this.
Suppose that gun control open.
Are.
I suppose like when the final user option opens in the same, an open button, this ready, all designed
model of the final user opens.
So you want to give it a go and look, I'm more than twice your children should open.
So yes.
So the final user, you shouldn't be involving the user.
So I'm going to add a UI manager, nor said, Look.
And she said, look and feel option inside, image US manager again and get this done, look and feel
last names get system look and feel class.
Yes.
So this will throw an exception when there's an.
So throwing exception.
Yes.
So let us go and take a look that the file user is dusting the old one on it is updating running the
job again.
And waiting for it to be executed.
Now let us try to time something.
There are no bags and clicking on, supposing so often this is the modern train station which opens
and we want it in this way, only the old one was not so good and involving for the user.
So closing this now, as far as I can see that me, I've covered almost everything in the northwest.
So giving this project a conclusion as we have created about class EP app named North Bend.
And after it, we have added actions to that.
But as we have theater, the menu bar inside the frame using the W.T. Library.
So overall, this project teaches us all the concepts about a simple java, the UI application, and
I hope you all are going to make this project on your own and learn these concepts.
Do not only by viewing this lecture, but making that project by your own is the best way to learn and
practice their language learning process.
So I hope you all have enjoyed this series of project and thanking you.
All for joining this.
Good bye.